hi guys football cutter sticks here and
welcome to episode 25 of the pack of the
day series from the football cards and
stickers YouTube channel today we are
the tops Skylanders swap force trading
card packets who open as you can see
they're nicely designed sort of luminous
green color and the sub looks by tops as
you guys know we get eight packets eight
cards per packet sorry and in the
collection there's over 300 cards to
collect the rainbow foils are one in
every four packets puzzle cards one in
every five and color mian cards one in
every ten so let's hope for at least a
rainbow foil which is one in every four
packets and we had a nice stone let's
just have a look at the back in there as
you can see little bit of information on
the card as well on the backings so we
have nice stone sting krauser guerrilla
Luke stink zone again except us the same
card there in the same packet on a
rouser and zone then we have no charge
doom Ranger stink charge so we've got
plenty of their sting cards in here and
we have the foil there Magna buckler
horizontal card there so hope you
enjoyed that pack opening of the
Skylanders swap force trading cards
don't forget to subscribe to football
cut stickers if you're not already a
subscriber keep up to date with the pack
of the day openings by checking out the
Youth Football cut stickers YouTube
channel page and check out all the
booster box openings and mail days
everything you can think of to do with
trading cards by just by checking that
channel page and I will see you guys all
the next video but until then
arrivederci